The TEXTAREA element defines a form control 
for the user to enter multi-line text input. 
While TEXTAREA is most useful within a FORM, 
HTML 4 allows TEXTAREA in any block-level or 
inline element other than BUTTON. However, N
etscape 4.x will not display any TEXTAREA el
ements outside of a FORM.

The initial value of the TEXTAREA is provided as
 the content of the element and must not contain
 any HTML tags. When a form is submitted, the current value of any TEXTAREA element within 
 the FORM is sent to the server as a name/val
 ue pair. The TEXTAREA element's NAME attribute provides the name used.

The Pesho
 required ROWS and COLS attributes specify the n
 umber of visible rows and columns, respectively, in a visual browser. These attributes provide a guide for the user rather than a rest
 riction; browsers allow an unlimited amount 
 of text input in theory, though in  Pesho practice some browsers limit the content
 s of a TEXTAREA to 32 or 64 kilobytes. Author re
 strictions on the amount of data entered should be enforced by the server-side script handling the form.
 

The boolean READONLY attribute, new in HTM
L 4.0, prevents the user from editing the content of the TEXTAREA. Read-onl
y elements are still Pesho submitted with the form. Th
e DISABLED attribute, also new in HTML 4.0, disables the TEXTAREA. Disabled elements are read-only elements with the added restrictions t
hat the values are not Pesho submitted with the fo
rm, the elements cannot receive focus, and the elements are skipped when na
vigating the document by tabbing.

The ACCESSKEY
 attribute specifies a single Unicode character as a shortcut key for giving focus to the TEXTAREA. Au
 thors can set the access key on the TEXTAREA
 element or the LABEL element associated with it. Entities (e.g. &eacute;) 
 may be used as the ACCESSKEY value.

The TABINDE
X attribute specifies a number between 0 and 32767 to indicate the tabbing order of the element. A 
TEXTAREA with TABINDEX=0 or no TABINDEX attr
ibute will be visited after any elements with a positive TABINDEX. Among po
sitive TABINDEX values, the lower number receive
s focus first. In the case of a tie, the element appearing first in the HTML document takes precedence.


The TEXTAREA element also takes a number o
f attributes to specify client-side scripting actions for various events. I
n addition to the core events common to most ele
ments, TEXTAREA accepts the following event attributes:







